THIS DOCUMENT IS A LEGAL AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”) BETWEEN DoubleGIS LLC ("We", "Us", "2GIS") AND
YOU ("You") IN RELATION TO API SOFTWARE (the "Software").

BY DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, COPYING OR OTHERWISE USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU ACCEPT THE FOLLOWING TERMS
AND CONDITIONS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY OF THE TERMS OR CONDITIONS OF THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT,
DO NOT PROCEED WITH THE DOWNLOADING, COPYING, INSTALLATION OR ANY OTHER USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR ANY
PORTION THEREOF AS YOU HAVE NO RIGHTS TO DO SO. THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT DESCRIBES YOUR RIGHTS AND
RESTRICTIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE SOFTWARE AND ITS COMPONENTS.

1.DEFINITIONS

"Application" means any software, application, or elements that You develop and operate using the
Software or Modifications in accordance with this Agreement.

"End User" means an end user of Your Application who acquires a license to such solely for their own
internal use and not for distribution, resale, user interface design or software development
purposes.

"Modification" means: a) any addition to or deletion from the contents of a file included in the
original Software or previous Modifications created by You, and/or b) any new file that leverages
any part of the original Software or previous Modifications.

"Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications, including but not limited to
software source code, documentation source, and configuration files.

"Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical transformation or translation of a
Source form, including but not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation, and
conversions to other media types.

"Hit Counter Script Code" means part of Source that is required for tracking, monitoring and
registration of End Users activity.

"API Software" ("Software") means DoubleGIS LLC application programming interface 2.0 version in the
form provided by DoubleGIS LLC to You, including any libraries, source code, documentation,
developer tools kit and other materials provided at https://github.com/2gis/maps-api-2.0 and
http://api.2gis.ru/ designated for modification, adaptation and any other software changes. Software
shall include any upgrades, updates, bug fixes or modified versions of the Software provided that We
are entitled to change the Software, as well as to modify or revoke this license agreement to use
the Software at Our sole discretion and at any time without giving You prior notice. The new version
of the Agreement shall enter into force on the date of its posting on the http://law.2gis.ru/,
unless otherwise provided in the new version of the agreement. In case of Your disagreement with the
use of a modified or updated version of the Software, the Section 7 of the Agreement shall apply.

"Logos" collectively means the DoubleGIS LLC trade names, trademarks, service marks, logos,
copyright notices, domain names and other Our distinctive brands.

"Databases" collectively means publicly accessible and displayed DoubleGIS LLC Databases of an
electronic map, which includes GIS data on geographical locations and settlements within an area
bounded by certain geographical coordinates.

"Content" means included, but is not limited to any piece of information stored in and/or retrieved
from the Databases and/or any other data or information DoubleGIS LLC chooses to include in its
Software. The use of any Content by You is limited to concurrent use with the Software.

2. LICENSE GRANT

2.1. Subject to your compliance with all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, We grant a
perpetual for the duration of the applicable copyright, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free and
not-sublicensable license (i) for You to use, copy, modify, merge the Software in source and object
forms to create Modifications and Applications; (ii) for You to publicly display, publicly perform
and at no-charge distribute the Software and/or Modifications in source and object forms to End
Users solely as integrated into the Applications; and (iii) for End Users to use the Software as
integrated into Your Applications in accordance with the terms of this Agreement; (iv) for You to be
enable Your Application to interact with the Databases and retrieve therefrom information necessary
to facilitate the use permitted under this Agreement; (v) for You to make limited intermediate
copies of the Content only as necessary to perform an activity permitted under this Agreement and to
modify (solely in order to rearrange or reorganize) the Content within Application; (vi)  for You to
disclose to the public the structure of the Software and the Source Code, provided that You properly
identify these by reference to Logo.

We reserve the right to modify, change, update and/or enhance the Software, the Databases, the
Source Code, and the Content at any time with or without notice to You Our sole and exclusive
discretion.

2.2. You may modify the Source Code solely for the purposes of designing, developing and testing
Your own Applications. However, You are permitted to use, copy, reproduce, distribute and
redistribute Your modified Source Code only if all of the following conditions are met: (a) You
include Our copyright notice (text is available in Exhibit A to this Agreement) with Your
Application, including every location in which any other copyright notice appears in such
Application; and (b) You do not otherwise use Our name, Logos or other of Our trademarks to market
Your Application, unless otherwise agree by Us in writing. Except to the above, You may not modify
remove or alter the Hit Counter Script Code contained in Software.

2.3. You will not owe Us any royalties for Your distribution of the Software in accordance with this
Agreement. You will not owe Us any fees for Your use or distribution of Applications in accordance
with this Agreement.

3.OWNERSHIP

3.1. This is a license agreement and not an agreement for sale. We reserve ownership of all
intellectual property rights inherent in or relating to the Software, which include, but are not
limited to, all copyright, patent rights, all rights in relation to registered and unregistered
trademarks (service marks), confidential information (including trade secrets and know-how) and all
rights other than those expressly granted by this Agreement.

3.2. We provide You with Source code so that You can create Modifications and Applications. While
You retain all rights to any original work authored by You as part of the Modifications, We continue
to own all copyright and other intellectual property rights in the Software, Source Code, Databases,
Content, Hit Counter script code.

3.3. You must not remove, obscure or interfere with any copyright, acknowledgment, attribution,
trademark, warning or disclaimer statement affixed to, incorporated in or otherwise applied in
connection with the Software.

4.FEEDBACK

4.1. DoubleGIS shall have a royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual license to use or incorporate into
the Software or Content any suggestions, ideas, enhancement requests, feedback, recommendations or
other information and derivatives thereof provided by You.

5.PROHIBITED USES

5.1. You may not redistribute the Software or Modifications other than by including the Software or
a portion thereof within Your Application. You may not change or remove the copyright notice from
any of the files included in the Software or Modifications. 5.2. The permission hereby is granted to
anyone to use this Software for any purpose,   excluding commercial applications, which is subject
to the restrictions of present Agreement. Software or Modifications shall be used only as integrated
into the Applications available for free public use.  Using of Software or Modifications for
projects intending payment or otherwise restricted access of the End Users to Databases or/and
Content are strictly prohibited. In case of commercial use is required, please contact us at
api@2gis.ru.

5.3. Open Source versions of the Software (“GPL Version”) may be licensed under the terms of the GNU
General Public License versions 3.0 (“GPL”) and not under this Agreement. If You, or another third
party, has, at any time, developed all (or any portions of) the Application(s) using a GPL Version,
You may not combine such development work with the Software and must license such Application(s) (or
any portions derived there from) under the terms of the GNU General Public License version 3, a copy
of which is located at http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html.

6. RESTRICTIONS

6.1. Except as expressly authorized under this Agreement, Licensee shall not (i) use the Software,
the Databases, the Source Code, or the Content in any way not expressly permitted or granted under
this Agreement; (ii) copy the Content for purposes outside the scope of the license granted herein;
(iii) use the Content to create databases or any other compilations of Content, without Our prior
written consent; (iv)You shall not distribute, publish, facilitate, enable or allow access or
linking to the Content or Database from any location or source other than Your Application; (v) use
the Content to create an application that offers or promotes services that may be competitive with,
damaging to, disparaging of or otherwise detrimental to the Our service; (vi) crawl, spider, index
or in any way store information obtained from the Content (except for the limited license granted
herein), or propagate any virus, worms, Trojan horses, or other programming routine intended to
damage any system or data,  send or store infringing or unlawful material using the Software; (vii)
provide Content or Databases to any third parties in a manner contrary to the terms of use
applicable to users of the our web site; (viii) commercialize (i.e., sell, rent, or lease), copy,
store or cache the Content or Databases, other than for the purposes allowed by this Agreement.

6.2. Limits on Sublicensing. Except as set forth in this section, all license rights (under any
applicable intellectual property right) granted herein are not sublicenseable, transferable or
assignable. Subject to the terms and conditions below, You may sublicense Your right to display the
Content and the Logos, as provided in this Agreement, to End Users solely to enable End Users to
display Content and the Logos on their computer screens and/or websites through Your Application.

7.TERMINATION

7.1. This Agreement and Your right to use the Software and Modifications will terminate immediately
if You fail to comply with any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Upon termination, You
agree to immediately cease using and destroy the Software or Modifications, including all
accompanying documents.

8.DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES

8.1. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, WITH REGARD TO THE SOFTWARE. WE DO
NOT GUARANTEE THAT THE OPERATION OF THE SOFTWARE OR THE CODE IT PRODUCES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR
ERROR-FREE, AND YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT IT IS NOT TECHNICALLY PRACTICABLE FOR US TO DO SO.

9.LIMITATION OF LIABILITIES

9.1. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL WE BE LIABLE UNDER ANY
LEGAL THEORY FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING,
WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS
INFORMATION OR ANY OTHER PECUNIARY LOSSES) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE
SOFTWARE OR THE CODE IT PRODUCES OR ANY OTHER SUBJECT MATTER RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF WE
HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

10.FREE SOFTWARE

10.1. Notwithstanding the foregoing, We acknowledges that certain components of the Software may be
covered by so-called "open source" software licenses ("Open Source Components"). We will prepare an
overview of the relevant free software and provide You with the complete corresponding source code,
including any modification We have made to that code if so. The overview shall be included in
Exhibit A, together with a copy of the license terms governing the relevant free software.

10.2. To the extent required by the licenses covering Open Source Components, the terms of such
licenses will apply in lieu of the terms of this Agreement, and We hereby represent that only Open
Source Components with licenses that intend to grant permissions no less broad than the license
granted in this Agreement are included in the Software. To the extent which the licenses applicable
to an Open Source Component prohibit any of the restrictions in this Agreement with respect to such
Open Source Component, such restrictions will not apply regarding to these Components.

11. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

11.1. The Software contain Our trademarks, logos, patents, trade secrets and/or copyrighted
materials. You shall not disclose or make available such trade secrets and/or know-how in any form
to any third party nor remove any trademark notices, copyright notices, or licensing terms from the
Software or any components therein. Title and intellectual property rights in and to Our trademarks
and Our copyrighted material which appears in content displayed by or accessed through the Software
belongs to Us.

11.2. Subject to the terms and conditions in, and during the term of, this Agreement, We grant you a
limited, nonexclusive, revocable, sublicensable license to display the trade names, trademarks,
service marks, logos, copyright notices, domain names and other Logos in accordance with this
Agreement and solely for attributing the source of the Software and for the purpose of promoting
and/or advertising that You use the Software and in your resulting Application.

11.3. At no time during or after the term of this Agreement shall you challenge or assist others to
challenge the Logos or, nor shall you attempt to register any Logos or brand identifiers (including
domain names) that are confusingly similar in any way to any of the Logos.

12.PARTIES INDEMNITY OBLIGATIONS

12.1 Subject to this Agreement, You shall defend, indemnify and hold Us, our affiliates, and
licensors, and each of Our respective employees, officers, directors, harmless from and against any
claims, damages, liabilities, costs and fees (including reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of
or related to Your use of the Software (including all Content provided therein) or for any breach of
this Agreement and/or any of the representations and warranties made herein. You agrees that We
shall have no indemnity obligations for any use You make of the Software or the Content.

13.MISCELANEOUS

13.1. The license granted herein applies only to the version of the Software available in connection
with the terms of this Agreement, and to any updates and/or upgrades to which you may be entitled.
For the avoidance of doubt, We are not obligated to provide You with any support, bug fixes,
upgrades, or updates and/or upgrades to the Software.

13.2. You agree that you will comply with all applicable laws and regulations with respect to the
Software.

13.3. While redistributing the Software or Modifications thereof as part of Your Application, You
may choose to offer acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity, or other liability obligations
and/or rights consistent with this Agreement. However, in accepting such obligations, You may act
only on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on our behalf. You shall indemnify Us,
or at Our option, defend Us against any claim, suit or proceeding brought against Us (i) arising by
reason of Your accepting any such support, warranty, indemnity or additional liability; or (ii)
arising out of the use, reproduction or distribution of Your Application, except to the extent such
claim is solely based on the inclusion of the Software therein.

13.4. Further, You agree only to distribute the Software pursuant agreement that includes all the
limitations and restrictions of this Agreement and is as protective of Us and Software as is this
Agreement.

13.5. You acknowledge that this Agreement is complete and is the exclusive representation of our
agreement. No oral or written information given by Us, or otherwise on Our behalf shall create a
warranty or collateral contract, or in any way increase the scope of this Agreement in any way, and
You may not rely on any such oral or written information.

13.6. There are no implied licenses or other implied rights granted under this Agreement, and all
rights, save for those expressly granted hereunder, shall remain with Us and our licensors. In
addition, no licenses or immunities are granted to the combination of the Software and/or
Modifications, as applicable, with any other software or hardware not delivered by Us to You under
this Agreement. Your rights under this Agreement apply only to Software, Modifications, and/or
Applications.

13.7. If any provision in this Agreement shall be determined to be invalid, such provision shall be
deemed omitted; the remainder of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.

13.8. This Agreement will be governed by the law s of the relevant jurisdiction in which the license
terms are sought to be enforced. If the suite of rights granted under super imperative rules of
applicable law in the relevant jurisdiction includes additional rights not granted under this
License, these additional rights are granted in this License in order to meet the terms of this
License.

Date: 30.06.2014 Exhibit A Copyright notice Copyright © 2014 2GIS. The City Expert. www.2gis.ru

The following is a listing of the open source components detailed in this document. This list is
provided for your convenience; please read further if you wish to review the copyright notice(s) and
the full text of the license associated with each component.
https://github.com/Leaflet/Leaflet/blob/master/LICENSE
https://github.com/linkedin/dustjs/blob/master/LICENSE
https://github.com/gulpjs/gulp/blob/master/LICENSE
https://github.com/mapbox/wellknown/blob/master/LICENSE
